Read a good spot now to move on to working our on our employee list component I would love to start
working on this component.
But you know we don't have the ability to make any employees yet.
So we've got no employee creation whatsoever.
So if we start working on the employee list well you know we're not going to have any data to show it
just yet.
So I can recommend that we do a little bit of a sidestep here and we go work on the employee creation
form give our users the ability to create an employee and then we can come back to working our on our
employee list here.
So that's going to be our asking our plan.
If you recall or Mocca we said that we were going to have a separate screen and right now this is a
little bit disingenuous a little bit misleading.
It's set up to look like the edit or show for a single employee but we definitely have a screen where
we show a name phone and shift field to the users so that they can enter these and create a new employee.
So we're definitely going to need to think about this a little bit.
The big challenge we have to do at the outset is get an ad button up here on the top right hand side
of our employees bar.
So we've already seen that the nav bar can automatically generate a back button for us but now we want
to also somehow get a like you know basically add a record button in there and do something with it
do so we can expand a little bit more on the scene component API.
So I've already pulled a couple of the different API properties for scene you know a couple of different
props out.
So I think that for the next one maybe would be nice if we check out the official docs so I can show
you where you look up all these different props from in my browser.
I've already pulled up the hub repository for the react.
Nate re-act native router flex project Marielle got the first time prescious big enough so I'm going
to scroll down a little bit.
The documentation for this project is I would say a little bit mixed like in some locations.
There's very good API documentation and other locations and it's a little bit lacking.
And we're going to see one lacking areas here in just a second.
That's why I specifically want to show you this.
So I'm on the API and configuration page and you can see that there is a whole bunch of different stuff
that the Leibert gives you access to.
And I've already used the router we use the seen we've used actions.
And hey maybe what we really want here is the nav bar because we want to figure out a way to make the
nav bar show a button on the top right inside that says like at.
So we can go the add new employees screen and create a new employee.
So get this scroll all the way down.
To the nav bar section and you can see it there is a distinct section here called navigation bar right
button.
And so this is where all the documentation is for tell me what different options you have for putting
a nav bar button on the right or the nav bar button on the right hand side of the navigation bar area.
So clearly there's a bunch of great props on here you like I see stuff like right.
Title so optional string to appear appear to the right and then it looks like there is an event handler
here called on right which will be called Whenever the right nav bar button is pressed.
So seems to me like we could provide a right title of like you know a string of ADD and then an on right
callback.
And whenever someone taps on this thing unright will get called and we can use our actions helper from
the same library to navigate over to like a new ad screen.
Right like that that makes a lot of sense.
Well here's the part that gets a little bit weird a little bit funky when it comes to the documentation.
So it looks like these are the properties we care about but where exactly do we add these props like
where do they go.
Right.
OK I the navigation bar but we haven't really made direct access to any type of navigation bar just
yet.
Here's more stuff on the left button.
More stuff on the back button some more stuff on the title.
And then his navigation bars.
So it tells you.
I agree it does a great job telling you about all the different props are available to you but it doesn't
quite tell you where the heck these things are going which I don't know.
First I find a little bit interesting anyways though the big trick here the big secret is that all those
props can be provided directly to the scene component and a scene component will make sure they get
forwarded onto the right spot.
So basically we can customize our Hetter from the scene components whenever this scene right here at
the employee list is shown.
It'll take any props we pressed to it and I'll forward them off to the headers well.
So we're going to pass this thing a right title to make the button show up.
You know something that says hey Atta employer or whoever wanted to say.
And they'll also give it an on right function that will be called whenever a user taps on that button.
So let's give this a shot because it's going to take a lot of props.
Now I'm going to put in some new lines just to get myself a little bit of space and then I'm going to
add in a right title of add in all out in an on right of return now is a console log of rape.
Let's go ahead.
Give us a shot.
I'll refresh my simulator get my counsel being open because I want to see that console log and I will
do a test at test dot com password of password log in and hot dog.
We got the button on the right hand side and we tap it.
Yup it works.
So again the documentation here is fantastic for describing what these properties are for.
But it's a little bit lacking in terms of telling you where these things actually go.
In the case of the navigation bar we can just throw it all on the scene and just pop up in the right
spot.
Whenever we go to the appropriate scene.
All right let's go into the next section and get started on our employee form